+++
date = "2017-10-14T17:19:45+04:00"
draft = false
slug = "usa"
tags = ["traveling"]
title = "USA: From New York to San Francisco"

+++

I remember me and my friends sitting in a cafe and talking about the USA. How
amazing would it be to rent a car and drive from the East to the West coast?
From New York to San Francisco. From the city of bankers, where everything is
telling you that ["you should make more
money"](http://www.paulgraham.com/cities.html) to the technological capital of
the planet Earth, a city of programmers.

Was it by share luck or something else, but cards laid out just perfectly. We
got our visas just before the [USA reduced its diplomatic presence in
Russia][1]. We passed the US customs. So, there we were in the land of
opportunity.

### Roads

America is well known for its roads. And they are really good. Opposite lanes
are usually divided by a [median
strip](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Median_strip), so little chance of head-on
collision. Surprisingly, we saw a highway police only once during a month-long
trip. There are rest stops and rest areas along all the highways - very
convenient!

Unfortunately, the road from New York to Texas is kinda boring - plain fields
and trees. But eastern part of USA is just beatiful. By far my favorite piece
is [Sedona](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sedona,_Arizona).

<img class="img-rounded" src="/images/posts/2017-10-14-usa/sedona-1.jpg" alt="" title=""/>

### Cities

See [a separate article](/2017/09/usa-cities).

### Food

Burgers, sugar, burgers, sugar, burgers with sugar, sugar with burgers. By the
end of our trip, I swear I can literally feel sugar with my tong (and I am not talking
about the sweet sensation). That's how much sugar there was. But apart from
that, USA is great. You can try cuisines from countries all over the world:
Mexican (guacamole - mmm), Indian, Chinese, Japanese, Italian and so on.

The selection of food in an average supermarket is superior. Imagine every
supermarket being as big as [Ашан](https://www.auchan.ru/en/auchan_russia).

<img class="img-rounded" src="/images/posts/2017-10-14-usa/kefir.jpg" alt="" title=""/>

### Economic

Obviously, they are doing good. But after spending one month in China, I was a
bit disappointed. A lot of "CASH ONLY" places, buses for long distance travels
(compare this to high-speed trains in China), not so many electric cars (again,
comparing to China). Overall, I now see why some people predict China
overthrowing the USA as a world leader in 20 - 50 years
([1](https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2016-us-vs-china-economy/),
[2](https://www.amazon.com/Prisoners-Geography-Explain-Everything-About/dp/1501121472)).

### People

A lot of people smiling. People say that it is a fake smile. I did not feel
that. In fact, for me, it was the opposite. I remember a few people smiling
when we saw each other with the sincere, kind and open smile. I think it is
because the quality of life is generally higher there and people are generally
more satisfied with their lives.

Also, strangers can talk to you and that's considered normal. Feels so weird at
first, but later you start doing the same.

### What I enjoyed the most

\#1. Hiking in Grand Canyon

<img class="img-rounded" src="/images/posts/2017-10-14-usa/grand-canyon-1.jpg" alt="" title=""/>

\#2. Walking in [White Sands National Monument](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_Sands_National_Monument)

<img class="img-rounded" src="/images/posts/2017-10-14-usa/whitesands-1.jpg" alt="" title=""/>

\#3. Biking in Mountain View

<img class="img-rounded" src="/images/posts/2017-10-14-usa/mountain-view-1.jpg" alt="" title=""/>

### Special thanks

I wanna say thank you to my friends without whom this trip wouldn't be
possible. Live long and prosper.

[1]: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jul/28/russia-cuts-us-diplomatic-presence-retaliation-sanctions
