+++
date = "2017-09-03T21:39:21-06:00"
draft = false
slug = "usa-cities"
tags = ["traveling"]
title = "USA / Cities"

+++

Disclaimer: my opinion on some cities can be biased and completely wrong since
we rarely stayed more than 2 days in one city.

## New York

**What I'll remember**: the smell of urine and garbage in Manhattan, the New
York subway, African Americans jumping over people (show).

When you imagine New York, you most often think of **Manhattan** and Central Park.
You think of luxury apartments with a view of the park and limousines waiting
for guests at the entrance. Only when you go out into the street, the smell
  knocks you off your feet. An inexpressible smell of urine and garbage.

{{< figure src="/images/posts/2017-09-03-usa/new-york-1.jpg" title="" >}}

**Central Park** itself is very cool! In the morning there are runners everywhere,
in the middle of a day people have their lunch and in the evening they watch
movies on a big screen outside. Well, there are a lot of tourists, of course.

At night, you can see raccoons. Some of them even wanted to snatch our phones
but changed their mind. Probably, because we are Russians. It is a pity we did
not have time to take a photo. Try to imagine a raccoon standing on its hind
legs with diluted paws.

{{< figure src="/images/posts/2017-09-03-usa/new-york-2.jpg" title="" >}}

Everyone says **the subway** in New York is confusing. We were using Google Maps
and have never made a mistake. The subway is very old, with its own history and
character. Here are a few videos:

{{< youtube id="agUF_53fmyw" >}}

{{< youtube id="U7ePrBYb2wA" >}}

{{< youtube id="aluYo-FSqiw" >}}

I thought there are different activities on **Time Square** every day. But in
fact, every day it is the same show - African Americans jumping over a few
people they randomly choose from a crowd. Before they actually do the jumping
thing, they ask each of these people to give them some money (~10$). And with
the never-ending flow of tourists, they basically have a stable monthly income!
Good for them!

## Philadelphia

**What I'll remember**: ice cream trucks.

{{< figure src="/images/posts/2017-09-03-usa/phily-1.jpg" title="" >}}

Unlike New York, here ice cream trucks ride through the central streets with
creepy music at full volume:

{{< youtube id="tag0-8vEAm8" >}}

I must admit that ice cream itself is delicious!

Also, you can climb the same steps [Rocky Balboa]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rocky_Balboa) did in his movie.

## Baltimore

**What I'll remember**: not a single white person.

For the first time during the trip, I felt uncomfortable. And it's not because
of the lack of white people, although it also adds fuel to the fire. In New
York, everyone is constantly in a hurry and they seem super busy. In Baltimore,
everyone is standing on the street doing nothing! And they look at you with an
appraising look, as if counting how much money they can get if they rob you.

## Washington

**What I'll remember**: free cool museums, Lincoln Memorial.

We visited only one - [National Air and Space
Museum](https://airandspace.si.edu/). But even there the gentleman, who looked
like Batman's butler (Alfred), gave us a magnificent tour of the museum.

## Atlanta

**What I'll remember**: skyscrapers in the fog.

{{< figure src="/images/posts/2017-09-03-usa/atlanta-1.jpg" title="" >}}

## Dallas

**What I'll remember**: the first time I saw so many transvestites.

{{< figure src="/images/posts/2017-09-03-usa/dallas-1.jpg" title="" >}}

## Austin

**What I'll remember**: hipsters, cafes selling smoothies and vegan menus.

In general, Austin is said to be a city for young people. There are more
activities, bars, and nightclubs. Next to this city is San Antonio - a city for
an older people.

A couple of places that are recommended by locals:

- [Barton Springs Pool](https://austintexas.gov/department/barton-springs-pool)
- Rainey Street Historic District (Banger's Sausage House & Beer Garden & THE BLACKHEART)

{{< figure src="/images/posts/2017-09-03-usa/austin-1.jpg" title="" >}}

## San Antonio

**What I'll remember**: canals like they have in Venice, many people of old age.

{{< figure src="/images/posts/2017-09-03-usa/san-antonio-1.jpg" title="" >}}

## Grand Canyon

**What I'll remember**: everything.

Landscapes from the top are impressive only at first. This is on condition that
before you haven't been in similar parks (antelope canyon, death valley). Real
beauty appears when you descend into the bottom of the canyon. You can go down
and up in one day (or even half a day). Totally possible. But it is better to
take a tent or stay at Phantom Ranch for a few days. We chose the latter. We
went down via the South Kebab trail (3 hours). We went up via the Bright Angel
trail (6.5 hours).

{{< figure src="/images/posts/2017-09-03-usa/grand-canyon-1.jpg" title="" >}}

{{< figure src="/images/posts/2017-09-03-usa/grand-canyon-2.jpg" title="" >}}

Bonus for readers: you can swim in Colorado River. If you go from Phantom
Ranch, cross the Bright Angel Suspension Bridge, turn right and go ~ 1 km, you
should be able to see a place where the channel is temporarily divided into 2
parts (one with fast, the other with a slow current). There are a small sandy
beach and a stone from which you can jump into the water.

{{< figure src="/images/posts/2017-09-03-usa/grand-canyon-3.jpg" title="" >}}

## Las Vegas

**What I'll remember**: nothing.

I was in Macao (Chinese Las Vegas) before. After it, Las Vegas is just another
city with casinos.

## Los Angeles

**What I'll remember**: free shows, a lot of people filming something.

{{< figure src="/images/posts/2017-09-03-usa/la-1.jpg" title="" >}}

## San Francisco

**What I'll remember**: a room, full of arcade machines, and an American bar.

Too high expectations are rarely justified. So it happened with San Francisco.
I thought that this is the city of future, where everyone travels on Tesla and
pays using Apple Pay. It turned out that 90% or more of cars are still on
petrol. In general, credit cards are not accepted.

On the pier, where the submarine USS Pampanito is moored, we found a room, full of arcade machines!

{{< figure src="/images/posts/2017-09-03-usa/sf-1.jpg" title="" >}}

And we had a launch at the most American looking bar (at least, how I would imagine it) - [Tommy's Joynt](http://tommysjoynt.com/):

{{< figure src="/images/posts/2017-09-03-usa/sf-2.jpg" title="" >}}
